so furniture style and different types
really range the span Ameen think about
our history the history of furniture and
different types span the whole history
of the world so you have your more
traditional which is usually found in
the European countries because you have
your Louis the 15th you have your pre
Italian it you have all these different
species and then you come to America
which we started a lot sooner than you
did in other countries so you have a lot
of the pilgrims and a lot of the early
American furniture and then it goes into
my favorite which is mid-century modern
you have the 60s the 70s that are really
coming back again because everything old
is new and you walk into different
people's homes and you'll find a little
bit of everything you have your modern
when your sleek lines the arms are
really sleek there's no ornamentation
which denotes that it's modern you have
your more traditional which have the
ornate carvings the ball in cloth feet
sometimes if you want to go really
traditional and sometimes you have this
new transitional that's going on now
transitional you have a mixture of
modern and traditional and what that
means is that you have clean lines so
it's not fussy there's not tons of
pillows and things everywhere but you
have traditional elements so maybe
you'll have a little carving here and
there you have a little accent color on
the pillows and the fabrics so it's a
mixture of both worlds and you'll find
that more prevalent today on the
different TV shows and the different
magazines you'll see more of a
transition in the furniture and the way
it's making it into the market right now
so just be aware of what you feel
comfortable with there's really no wrong
all right and you can mix your pieces
you can do modern with traditional there
is really no rules to it the only thing
you want to keep in mind is if you have
a lot of heavy pieces make sure you do a
couple of delicate pieces and vice versa
you have delicate make sure throw in a
nice bold piece so that's really it
other than that your home is your own
and just make sure that you make it
personal